[15.0][ADD] mail_no_user_assign_notification: New module (#1379)
OCA/social: mail_no_user_assign_notification/readme/USAGE.rst

> #. Go to Purchase.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion,  put this as an example, as it is generic for all modules that has user_id.

> #. Go to Contacts.
> #. Create a partner and set another user as Salesperson.
> #. User will not receive the automatic assignment email.
> #. The same applies if another partner is modified.

Reviewer 2: Remember to not put a specific example, but the generic steps:

```suggestion
#. Go to one of the configured models (like Contacts).
#. Create or edit a record, and assign the field for the user (in contacts, it's called "Salesperson", in purchase orders it's "Purchase representative", etc).
#. The user won't receive the automatic assignment email.
```
